Add example of existence filter on single relationships (#305)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/relationships/single-relationships.adoc

----
====

> === Filter by existence of relationship

Reviewer: **nitpick** Would it be easier to understand if we change the format of the title?

Something like "Check that a relationship exists" ?

Reviewer 2: i was gonna suggest "Filter by relationship existence" -
if this isn't a filter, how does "Check relationship existence" sound?

> The existence of a relationship in the database can be checked by filtering for null values on the relationship field.

Reviewer: Maybe we can specify a single relationship here? as it is not the same for many-to-many

Author: It;s in the single relationship page....

> The existence of a relationship in the database can be checked by filtering for null values on the relationship field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check the existence of a relationship in the database by filtering for null values on the relationship field.
```

> .Get Movie nodes that have a DIRECTED relationship to a Person node 

Reviewer: Is it worth also adding the opposite? (checking a relationship doesn't exists)

Author: do you think it's worth it? Obviously just remove the `NOT`?

Reviewer: I mean, it is a bit weird to just be explaining the "negative" case of the filter, but I'm not too opinionated, if you think it is redundant no need to add it
